Removing videos and replacing with screenshots and written directions (#1938)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/cloud-notifications.md

In general, there are two parts to setting up Slack notifications. The first involves setting up the dbt Cloud integration with Slack, while the second involves setting up the notifications themselves.

### Setup the integration

> Click on your profile in the top right corner of the dbt Cloud UI and click **Profile**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the gear icon to the top right and select **Profile**.
```

> Click **Integrations** on the left-hand side menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Integrations** to the left.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/Navigate-to-integrations.png" title="Navigate to integrations"/>

> Click **Link your Slack profile**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Link your Slack profile**
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/Link-your-Slack-Profile.png" title="Link your Slack profile"/>

> Allow dbt Labs to access the Slack workspace. If you are a member of multiple, you can select the appropriate workspace from the dropdown menu in the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Allow dbt Labs to access the Slack workspace. If you are a member of multiple, you can select the appropriate workspace from the dropdown menu in the top right corner.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/Allow-dbt-to-access-slack.png" title="Allow dbt access to Slack"/>

### Configure the notifications

> Open the main menu and click **Account Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the gear to the top right and select **Notification Settings**.
```

> Click **Notifications** from the left-hand menu and **Edit** from the top right-hand side of the notifications pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Slack Notifications** to the left and click **Edit** to the right.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/Navigate-to-notifications.png" title="Navigate to notifications"/>

> Slack notification settings will be towards the bottom of the page (you may have to scroll down).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You can find the Slack notification settings at the bottom of the page.
```

> <Lightbox src="img/docs/dbt-cloud/Configure-Slack-notifications.png" title="Configure Slack notifications"/>

Reviewer: I think we can remove this. It's not showing up anyway.
```suggestion
```
